She thought that she could win, but there was no way next year. I'll be the fastest kid in the entire school
That's because I'm not in your school. Oh, please number last time when I beat you in for the whole congregation
Caleb, do you remember this story? Oh
Yeah, that's a tower of Babel. That's right. Why were these people trying to build this tower?
So they could live there?
Actually, it was because they thought they were awesome and wanted to show off
But what did you hope a think of that? Oh
He didn't like it
That's right. He even confused their languages, so they would stop bragging
But at school everyone brags. I know
Lots of people brag I have bragged too
But that's wrong
When we brag or show off. It's like we're building a tower for ourselves just like the tower of Babel
If I want to set a new world record, no problem
If you say so, but I'm better at basketball than you, I was just messing around but they say I'm a knackle
The higher up we try to put ourselves the more dangerous it gets. Do you know why?
Because we'll actually fall
Oh
Yes
Also, first Peter 5-5 means that Jehovah doesn't want us acting like we are better than everyone else
humble people don't need to brag
Because Jehovah will make them feel good about themselves on the inside